<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Customer Reviews</title>
</head>

<body>

<h1>Customer Reviews</h1>
I have really enjoyed this product. It's like OJ with a kick. It has a clear, fresh taste. It is a great thirst quencher. Izze satisfies that soda craving. This great stuff. I am anxious to try the other flavors.

<p>The Izze Clementine flavour is a blend of orange juice (from concentrate) with sparkling water. Not too tangy, it has a pleasantly mild and modified orange flavour. It's not too fizzy, but it does have a tendency to go flat fast, so it's not something you want to sip over a long period of time. At 80 calories in this small 8.4 ounce can, it's not for those who are watching their weight, but it's certainly a viable alternative to nasty sugary sweet drinks.</p>

<p>Not that I ever have from any product. Really, if you're looking for information on nutritional value, evaluations of health benefits/liabilities, or praise for the corporate responsibility of the owners, check one of the other reviews. All I can tell you is the taste of the Clementine variety is acceptable but I will not be searching the Net or employing any conventional methodologies to find more of it. Maybe it's my recalcitrance in being browbeat at every turn over potential health concerns related to dietary habits. Reading Fast Food Nation didn't reduce my over the counter greasy bag calorie intake and this beverage is not going to compel me to pour my Orange Crush down the drain. My delusional state anticipated an ostensibly less imposing version of Sunkist orange and what my salivary glands sensed was some rather bitter orange flavored sparkling water. In spite of all evidence to the contrary, I will continue to ingest beverages with high fructose sugar levels right up to the point the disposition of my remains is decided by my health conscious progeny. My dentist has a couple of kids with Ivy League pretensions and he enthusiastically concurs. Izze Clementine isn't bad. It just isn't all that much to write about... so why...nevermind. When I feel intimidated by my octogenarian neighbor mowing his quarter acre plot with a push mower, whilst I try to decide if I really need to get on the riding mower or if it can wait another couple of days, the thirst I develop in contemplation will not be quenched by merely one of these 8.4 oz cans. In essence, if other options are not available, I have no reservations in drinking it but by personal volition you can expect to see me continue to enjoy higher octane competition.</p>


<p>Well... what can I say. The presentation of the can is great and colorful. But when I got ready to drink it, I was expecting a sweet, but carbonated, experience similiar to a perfectly ripe clementine. Instead it was too sour/acidy for my tastes. I'm stuck with 24 of them, but they aren't undrinkable by any means. It would of tasted much better if they replaced some of the orange juice concentrate with a sweeter juice like apple.</p>

<p>Great product, absolutely wonderful, I buy them by the case for my husband, they are healthy and taste unbelievable!</p>

<p>A refreshing alternative to soda, IZZE sparkling juice was a hit by both adults and children at my house. The flavor was delightful without being overbearing or artificial. Made with only juice and sparkling water, what a better way to revive yourself after a hot day with one of these! Would be willing to try again!</p>

<p>Not bad - not too sweet. Definitely sparkling, and would be great for mixed drinks but is fine all by it's lonesome. Kind of a tart flavor - clementine - but nice for a slight perk.</p>

<p>...Clemetine! This all natural orangy drink from Izze is simply delicious. It is refreshing to see an ever increasing trend towards real tasting foods and drinks using real ingredients. I can't wait to try the other flavors.</p>


<p>I was happily surprised by Izze sparkling Clementine juice beverage. Why? First, the main ingredient is actually juice (70%), which is fantastic and amazing. The beverage tastes good and I do like carbonated juice. I also like that it is in 8oz cans, a practical juice size rather then a 12 oz soda size. So, a reasonably good for you good tasting juice drink, can't go wrong with that. The Izze company also appears to do some good humanitarian and earth friendly practices, which is another plus.</p>




<p>So glad I don't need to lug this stuff home anymore. Awesome soda. I wish Amazon would put it on their auto shipment program so I can drink and know it is coming automatically (and to save a few bucks!!). Great soda... decent price for free shipping. Thanks Amazon!! again...</p>

<p>My daughter, husband and I tried it. Her first reaction is that it's too sweet, less fizzy and she didn't want to finish her can. I tried it and felt a sugar shock coming on, with not much taste. Hansen's Mandarin Lime is much tastier. My husband said "Ugh it's horrible, why did I try it?" and poured it down the sink. Warning: 19 grams of sugar reminds me of the horrible orange drinks they give you for glucose tolerance test. And what's with the rosin? I thought that is for violin bows. Some people might be extremely allergic to it. Finally the label says no refined sugar, but concentrating fruit juices is refining sugar, just a matter of technicality.</p>

<p>One of the flavor memories of my 1960s childhood that evinces the least nostalgia is that of stale orange "tonic" (as we called it in New England) bought from the local Bradlees or Ferretti's discount super markets. The only more heinous flavor was grape soda -- a chemical brew so noxious that it burned going down (we thought this was normal) and left an acid-stripped sheen on the teeth. But now, this taste sensation is back, in the form of Izze's "all natural" sparkling juice. "All natural" is the sort of 21st century newspeak terms that hides more than it reveals. To my hippy-dippy mind, all natural means orange juice (even if from a concentrate) plus some pure spring water gently infused with natural CO2 and bottled by hand by pure, cotton sundressed nymphs. It does not have (as does this concoction) *fourteen* ingredients, including "natural flavor" (what, sulfuric acid?), glycerol ester of rosin, or pyridoxine hydrochloride, even if this is supposedly vitamin B12. I now have a case of this stuff in my house. Thanks for the memories, Amazon Vine!</p>


<p>Can't get the bad taste out of my mouth!! I think I'm going to vomit like I did when drinking Go-Lightly for a colonoscopy! YUK!</p>

<p>Until recently, I had never heard of the brand `Izze', much less their line of Sparkling Juice beverages. When Amazon Vine posted a request to review them, however, my interest was most certainly piqued, being a sucker for anything fruit-flavored. My only dilemma revolved around what flavor to order. They all look so interesting to me, but I deliberated between the three flavors I found most intriguing: Blackberry, Pomegranate, and Clementine. I finally decided on the Clementine. When a case of twenty-four arrived at my office, I had plenty to share with a couple of friends, and after chilling a few cans, we enjoyed our first taste of this unusual libation together. We all enjoyed it, although I think I liked it more than the other two. However, I've been to wine tastings with this pair of friends, and I notice they don't usually care for sparkling wine either, which leaves me to wonder if it was the effervescence that they didn't like rather than the flavor. As for me, I adore sparkling beverages, so this is right up my alley. The Clementine flavor tastes just like the fruit, although I admit I had expected a slightly sweeter drink than the Izze turned out to be. The label on the can states it is "naturally flavored", and that is exactly what I got. My belief that it would be sweeter is probably borne of the fact that most commercial beverages do have more sugar added. Because of this, the slightly tart taste was a bit startling, but after the first few sips I truly appreciated the freshness of it. In fact, I enjoyed the Clementine flavor so much that I went looking for the Izze beverages in the local stores, and succeeded in finding both of the other flavors I wanted to try: Pomegranate and Blackberry. Of all of them, I think the Blackberry is probably my favorite, although the Clementine is a close second. I think the Blackberry wins by a nose strictly because it is such an uncommon flavor for a beverage, and that appeals to me as much as the flavor itself does. It helps that I adore blackberries, though. The Pomegranate was my least favorite of the three, and I don't believe I'll buy it again, although I did drink all four cans in the pack that I purchased. The flavor was slightly bitter, although it does grow on you after a few swallows. But once again, it does taste very close to eating the pomegranate fruit. I definitely recommend the Izze drinks. I will most certainly be purchasing both the Clementine and Blackberry flavors in the future.</p>

<p>Everyone loved this product at my house! The taste is nice and refreshing. My teen son loves it and I feel good about him drinking something that is mostly juice, sugar and caffeine free. The serving is a great size and easy to pack into lunches and even your bag for work. My husband is taking his to the office and likes the smaller size as well. I tried Izze when a friend came over as a mixer and it was a hit. I'll be looking for this at the grocery store and want to try other flavors as well. YUM!</p>

<p>Izze all natural sparkling juice (Clementine) is a very delicious drink. They come in real nifty 8 ounce cans (for the conscious calorie watcher) that are great for those who want a quick treat without feeling guilty. Unlike other juice drinks, this one is refreshing, tasty and not too syrupy sweet. The drink reminded me of an Italian soda. I would strongly recommend this beverage. You can't go wrong with picking up a case of this good stuff. I'm hooked and a future customer. The juice is lightly fortified with a few vitamins for your good health. Highly recommended.</p>


<p>I was pretty psyched to be able to try a case of this "sparkling juice" out, since during the summer I drink a fair amount of juice mixed with soda water. Also, I grew up in North Africa, where the clementine grows in abundance, and I was looking forward to revisiting a taste of childhood. On the pro side, the packaging is attractive, the 8.4oz can is a really handy size, and there's no added high fructose corn syrup. On the con side, the much-touted "fortified" aspect consists of 10% of your daily Vitamin C, B6, and Niacin, so great big deal there. Also, the carbonation isn't as strong as I prefer, although I will grant that this is a very subjective personal thing. Straight out of the can, it feels a touch flat to me. Finally, the biggest con of all -- there's no clementine juice in it! When I cracked the first can open and tried it over ice, at the end of the glass I thought, "Hmm, kind of like clementine, but not quite." Then I looked at the label and saw that it's a blend of white grape, apple, lemon, and orange juice concentrates! Well, nice try Izze...but no cigar. Ultimately, it's something I'll keep around to use as a mixer with vodka, but not that tasty to me on its own. And frankly, I find the labeling of it as "clementine" totally shameless and off-putting.</p>

<p>This vitamin enriched fruit-based (70%), carbonated (30% water) drink is obviously healthier than soda for which it is an estimable replacement. It has no refined sugar--a big plus, but it also lacks any Clementine. I guess they call it that because the taste is, more or less, like these small oranges (which taste something like a cross between a tangerine and a naval orange). Most of it is grape & apple juices. As with pure juices vs. juice "drinks" or "cocktails" it costs considerably more per can--and the cans are small. Convenient size, but you might need to have more than one (would probably go well with potato chips!). I like drinking them with microwave popcorn myself. Enjoy!</p>

<p>My daughter gets Izze when we stop at Starbucks but I never tried one myself. Izze is an all natural soda. I tried it and was surprised how much I liked it. It's not as sweet as diet soda and I like that. Based on the ingredients I don't feel bad letting the kids have it now and then. I'll also be getting them again myself. The size of the can makes them very nice for packing in lunches and in coolers. We got a case of Clementine Izze and the family helped me drink them. They wanted to help with the review as well. Mom: As good as Izze tastes, what I like even more is the ingredient list. I've stopped drinking diet soda because I won't drink aspartame, and sucralose (Splenda) makes me ill. Izze is sweetened by natural fruit juices (70%) and not refined sugar, corn syrup, etc. The rest of the ingredients are sparkling water and vitamins. I feel good giving this drink to my 11-year-old daughter for a treat, and she loves it. We've tried all the flavors and like each one, but Clementine is the family favorite. Daughter: Izzie is a great thirst quencher. And not only that, but it's healthy, too! I love anything fruity or fizzy and Izzie was the perfect fit.</p>

<p>In the crowded field of orange soda pop beverages, a relatively new product needs a niche to succeed. Izze's schtick is 70% fruit juice, no sugar added. In this formulation "Sparkling Clementine" is actually a blend of grape, apple, lemon and orange juice concentrates. I was disappointed to find that it didn't seem to contain clementine or even mandarin orange. The can is very attractively slender shaped and looks good enough to serve to guests out of the can. The taste is tart and fizzy along the lines of european citrus drinks (think Orangina), but with a slightly sweeter finish. It does grow on you. All in all, a recommendable product, but somebody should probably get some clementine juice in there, or change the name. Disclosure: This review was written for the Amazon Vine Volunteer Review Program. The product was provided for the purposes of the review.</p>

I wasn't sure exactly what a Clementine was going into this product. All I knew was that Huckleberry Hound used to sing about his Darlin' Clementine back in those old Hannah Barberra cartoons. I still am not sure what fruit the clementine actually is but it's definatly an offshoot of the citrus family, sort of orangy and not at all bitter. The Izze product comes neatly packages in a slim can and swallows easily with no poor aftertaste. It is not over carbonanted so no unlightly belches afterwards, always a bonus amongst polite company. The product was sent in a case of 24 so it lasted quite some time and I think now that I shoulkd have requested some of the additional flavors whilst they were available. Drink Izze, be happy.
<p>At first taste, a strange orange carbonated drink, but with each followup swig, the taste seems to get better and better! * An all-natural blend of pure fruit juice and sparkling water * 70% Fruit Juice 30% Sparkling Water I love that this is a drink that's got a punch of fruit juice and the sparkling water just makes it even more enjoyable. Clementine tastes just like fresh oranges, so it's a good flavor for anytime of day or night. * Simple, stylish packaging great for entertaining or everyday refreshment * Pairs perfectly with fine food and is a stylish non-alcoholic beverage option Refridgerating Izze does wonders for the cool refreshing taste on your tongue, and is a great drink to quench one's taste or partner up with a snack. The 8.4 ounce cans are a perfect size for a quick thirt-buster and very handy and portable/on-the-go. Love the design too! * Made with natural ingredients and fortified with vitamins (vitamin C, B6 and Niacin) Only 80 calories a drink, so I can drink one after the other! The taste is quite addictive, again, gets better with each swig! Highly recommended! Cannot wait to try the other flavors.</p>

<p>Another fine addition to the currently popular trend of so-called "natural" alternatives to traditional soda and other soft drinks, Izze "Sparkling Clementine" represents the designer soft drink genre at its best. At 80 calories per an 8.oz can, this juice beverage does contain less calories than real juice and normal soda, but can hardly be considered diet food. Still, vitamins C, B6 and niacin are added in low doses, it's low in salt and no corn syrup or sugar is added, relying instead on juice concentrates of grape, apple, lemon and orange to naturally sweeten... all good things. The taste of the particular flavor of Izze that I sampled, "sparkling clementine", is clean, fruity, refreshing, yet not overly sweet. In fact, for those familiar, Izze "Sparkling Clementine" is strongly reminiscent of the "Orangina" brand of soft drink, minus the pulp... a personal favorite of mine. All in all, recommended.</p>

<p>I've had time to go through most of the case of this product, and I give it a slightly positive overall review. The pros: small size can holds just the right amount of this different beveridge, and fits easily in the hand; when consumed while nice and cold, it offers a tart and refreshing taste, without a bit of sweetness. The cons: the warmer the product gets, the harder it is to get down; the tartness begins to be more like bitterness, and it leaves a somewhat disagreeable aftertaste. The small can helps keep this to a minimum. If your taste runs more towards non-sweet, highly sparkling drinks, this is for you. If you prefer more conventional types of soft drinks or juices, this may seem too 'adult'.</p>

<p>I loved this product! I received the clementine (mandarin orange) flavor. What was there not to like? The eight ounce size gave it a light 80 calories of fresh, crisp flavor with just enough fizz to whet the appetite of anyone who enjoys just a bit of carbonation in a healthy drink. I will definitely be purchasing other flavors of the Izze Sparkling Juice and am particularly looking forward to trying their pomegranate flavor. I even like the size of the can and the way it feels in my hand. Highly recommended.</p>

<p>If you are sick of the overly-sweet taste of regular or diet sodas, this is the product for you. As a sparkling juice drink, Izze offers the best of both worlds -- there's fruit juice for health and fizz for fun. The taste is excellent, and the packaging size is just enough to refresh you. Of course, you can always mix any fruit juice with seltzer at home for a healthy spritzer, but Izze can't be beat for refreshment on the go! It's a great item to take along with you to work or school, and will save you from the feast of chemicals usually available from vending machines or fast fast food places. The clementine flavor has the wonderful sweet/tart taste of a fizzy fresh fruit! The pomegranite is a mix of apple, grape, pineapple, lemon and pomegranite and packs quite a tart and sweet punch!</p>

<p>The Clementine Izze has a full, orangey flavor and it's not too sweet. A real bonus, imo. The apple is a bit sweet but does taste like a really ripe apple. duh. And for me the grapefruit had a bit of tinny flavor. I'm afraid taste may be a bit relative. If you're looking for a carbonated juice drink, this may be a good choice. But don't kid yourself, these 80 calories aren't exactly a health food.</p>

<p>So I got a case of this stuff because I was curious as to what clementine juice might taste like. I got it, took a swig...and found it to be OK, if a little odd...I then looked at the side of the can to see how much clementine juice is in the can. Here is, verbatim, the ingredients list: "Pure juice made from white grape, apple, lemon and orange juice concentrates, sparkling water, natural flavor, citric acid, sodium citrate, gum arabic, beta carbotene (color), ascorbic acid (vitamic C), glycerol ester or rosin, niacinamide, pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitimin B6)." See anything odd about that ingredients list? Look carefully...What's missing? How about clementine juice?!!? Not a spec of it. Talk about smoke and mirrors. "All natural"? Maybe. But lots of cheap juice and none of the namesake? Give me a break. I've been had. Don't make the same mistake.</p>

<p>Out of our family of five no one liked this drink. It tastes odd. I could drink it if I absolutely had no other choice.</p>

<p>Was not impressed. Did not have enough of the taste of clementine juice. Had an after taste. Did not like.</p>

<p>Excellent product. Clementine juice and fizzy water, low enough carb that a diabetic can drink one now and then!</p>

<p>We have been drinking various forms of flavored carbonated natural drinks for many years. From Knudsens to After the Fall, to Flavored Vitamin Waters without the carbonation, my family has tried all kinds of different flavors and types of carbonated and non-carbonated drinks with no refined sugars added. IZZE Sparkling Clemintine Juice is made of 70% fruit juice with added vitamins such as B6, Beta Carotene, Niacinimide, and vitamin C. I am not sure what the *natural flavors* added are, as this is often a hiding place for ingredients with some companies that do not want you to know little things they sneak in. Flavorwise, IZZE Sparkling Clemintine Juice is very good. It is made from concentrate so there is not the fresh flavor that you would get from fresh juice, but I find that this juice only has a tiny bit of bitter edge to it—nothing like most orange flavored juice beverages we have had. What impresses us about this is that it is not overly syrupy like some juices are. It tastes very light, yet filling. Another feature of this drink is that the bubbles are not heavy and the carbonation is not overly strong. Sometimes drinks have so much carbonation in them that they are annoying. This one has light to medium carbonation in it. One additional thing I like about this is that the cans are relatively small (8.4oz/248ml). I have never liked the huge can sizes because I feel that you should only drink small amounts of cooked juice products at a time anyway. There are 24 in the case, which is a good number. We drank this warm without ice, but chilled it is also delicious. It tends to go down a bit easier when it is chilled. With ice, it is an even lighter drink and a bit more refreshing as the ice dilutes it leaving just a hint of orange flavor. All in all, IZZE Sparkling Clemintine Juice is a hit in our house. Great flavor, just enough in a can for a snack, and all without added refined sugars or caffeine! My daughter keeps saying—"Mom, I just LOVE this stuff."</p>

<p>I ordered 2 packs of Izze Fortified All Natural Sparkling Juice and when they arrived, approximately a dozen of the cans were dented on the bottom and about 5 of the cans were leaking juice in the box.</p>

<p>In general, this stacks up pretty well compared this to the well-known, similar drink Orangina. Orangina seems to take its inspiration from sparling water, while this one seems to have Orange Crush as its point of reference. Izze is slightly sweeter and slightly "heavier" than Orangina. Is this bad? Not at all—it's still refreshing and a perfect companion for a cookout. And with its vitamins and such, might stick with you a little longer. Enjoy!</p>

<p>I love the taste but wish it came in a larger size... I find myself drinking two back-to-back as one isn't enough for me. Besides that, I love the actual 'drink'.</p>

<p>I received a case of these, and my family finished this in less than two weeks. Maybe not the quickest turnaround with a soft drink, but the biggest complaint I received (from my 8-year-old) was that it wasn't sweet enough. Considering the kinds of soft drinks she usually likes—and only rarely gets—I'm pleased. I found this to be just sweet enough—no added sugar, only the juices—and just the right size. This felt like an appropriate serving of a sweet/non-water beverage—the usual sizes usually feel like two servings. And, while I'm not sure that this was intentional, when my children knocked over the cans (this happened twice), nothing spilled out even though they were more than half-way full each time. Bonus—if you're klutzy. I knocked off a star because of the slight mis-marketing—clementine juice is not the first juice on the list of ingredients, and that irritated me a little bit. Otherwise, this would be something I would reach for on the rare occasion I wanted a carbonated beverage.</p>


<p>I don't usually drink carbonated orange beverages, mainly because most of them have two distinct characteristics: 1) a very artificial flavor, and 2) enough sugar to eat through the side of an armored tank. But I will admit that the clementine-flavoured sparkling juice from Izze tastes quite different, primarily because it has more juice than sugar. You can actually taste the fruit juice in there, which is given a little extra zing courtesy of mild carbonation -- the sort of thing that you get in sparkling cider. And if there was artificial flavour in there, I couldn't really taste it. In fact, it's unlike orange soda pop in one other way: it's tart. Very tart. Almost sour if drunk with something sweet, and I found that it tasted best when simply drunk on its own. And it's worth noting that the tartness means that it isn't something you want to drink large quantities of all at once, the way Coke is. The sparkling clementine juice from Izze is a good, healthier alternative to soda pop, but the tart flavor keeps it from being a contender for replacing it. Pleasant in small doses.</p>

<p>Drinks and food are hard to rate because everyone has their own taste. So here's my take - I thought this drink tasted more like a fruit soda without being overly sweet. I am a big fan of drinking sparkling mineral water. My favorites are San Pellegrino and Perrier. Sometimes I add a twist of an orange or lemon slice to add some flavor and I thought this drink might be a great alternative. It's similar to Orangina but much cheaper, a little sweeter and more fruity. I deducted a point because although the orange taste was there, there was an undefinable fruity taste as well. When I took a gander at the can, I noted that it is made up of several fruit juices (from concentrates) such as apples, lemons, white grapes and oranges. What happened to the clementine? It's advertised as an all natural healthy drink. Hmmm. There are 80 calories to a can which is only 8.4 ozs. There are 19 grams of sugar in each can (compared to a 12 oz. can of soda which has around 39 grams). It does contain 10% of recommended daily doses of Vitamin C, Vitamin B6 and Niacin. My kids seem to like it and since they are not allowed to drink soda, this does the trick for a special treat.</p>

<p>I tried the clementine version of the Izze drinks, and like several other reviewers found the nearest comparison to be the classic orange drink Orangina. I think I prefer Izze to Orangina now, though obviously tastes are personal and your opinion may vary. The Izze has a tart finish at the end that makes the taste a little more interesting. I bet it'd be pretty good with vodka or rum (are you allowed to say that in an Amazon review?). I also like the 8.4 ounce cans. That seems to be a good volume for a fast pick-me-up -- not too little like a tiny can of apple juice, or too filling like a giant bottle of soda. Speaking of soda, that's of course what this drink is, so don't expect pulp or, necessarily, a lot of natural flavors. It isn't orange juice, but a sparkling drink. If you are bored with colas, not interested in "energy drinks," and it's too late in the day for coffee, you might find this worth checking out.</p>

<p>Not sure why this is called Clementine, as there is no Clementine juice in it! It is a very strong citrus flavor, but I like that. Kind of like a strong orangina. Tasty stuff! 70% fruit juice, some vitamin fortification too. I like the pomegranate flavor as well, though it tastes more cranberry to me. If you are expecting the antioxidant rich benefit of the pomegranate, I would look elsewhere as that fruit is the last juice listed. In other words, I doubt there is much POM in there!</p>

<p>I was skeptical, but I'm convinced now this is an excellent product. Izze produces a delicious soda-like drink that is actually good for you. I would not hesitate giving this to my soda-deprived kids. With 70 percent juice and 30 percent sparkling water, what's not to like? In particular, the Sparkling Clementine is a refreshing drink. Moreover, the small size (8.4 oz) is actually a virtue, as it fits handily in the old lunchbox. Most of my skepticism concerned the economics. I worked out that, disregarding s/h, if you get a case of this stuff it works out to about 10 1/2 cents per ounce. Surely it's much cheaper, I thought, just to buy good juice and sparkling water at the store and mix it yourself. Well, after doing the numbers I found it is cheaper, but not much—by about two cents per ounce, and that doesn't include the cost of gas to get to the store. So you pay a little bit—at most a quarter per can—for the added convenience of a handy little can of delicious drink. I recommend this highly, even though I'm frankly not sure how Izze does it.</p>

<p>Made up of a 70% mix of various fruit juices, the Izze Clementine drink is tasty (I disagree with some folks here...don't know what they were expecting it is, after all, a sparkling juice NOT a soda) with a nice tangy taste. Clementine had a nice smooth citrus taste and my entire family enjoyed it so much that we took it to the baseball game with us as an alternate to having soda (although water would have been the best this is at least a good compromise with the mix of juice and carbonated water). The Apple flavored version smells almost like a sour apple Jolly Rancher but isn't quite as sweet as either the Clementine or a Jolly Rancher. That's not a bad thing just an observation. The Apple flavored variety is good as well not quite as sweet tasting as the Clementine to me and with just the right amount of fizz. It tastes like it is less carbonated than Martinelli's Apple juice and less sweet. Again, it's a nice alternate to sodas particularly if you are trying to ween kids from sodas (or yourself) but be aware there isn't anything diet about this if you are concerned about calories. The cans are relatively easy to recycle and small enough to carry in backpacks. There is approximately 90 calories in each container so it can be deceptive—it feels like you've only had a little but from a calorie perspective you need to be aware of how much you are really consuming. I'd recommend bringing a cup and pouring it over ice as it seemed to "stretch" out the container and we went through it a lot less quickly. Overall, this is a nicely flavored beverage with just the right amount of fizz and a tangy citrus taste and the apple is less sweet than most carbonated apple juices (a good thing to me). I'd give four stars to the Clementine and three stars to the Apple Flavor.</p>

<p>IZZE All Natural Sparkling Juice, Clementine is tasty. It has 80 calories and 20 carbs in a cute 8.4 oz (248 mL) can with a stylized Clementine on the front. It is not too sweet and contains no added sugar. The main ingredients in order are grape, apple, lemon, then orange juice. It is 70% juice and also has sparkling water. If the calorie/carb content is a little high for you, I think this would mix great with sparkling water. IZZE donates to Global Education Fund. It is a refreshing treat with 10% of the RCA for Vitamin C, B6, and Niacin.</p>

<p>First, I have to say that I really like drinking the sparking flavored sweetened zero calorie water drinks that I've only seen as store brands -- even though they don't have a "name", you know which ones I mean: Wal-Mart and most grocery stores have their own brand of the same thing. Like flavored seltzer water, but diet-sweetened. Given that, you can probably tell that I was excited to try Izze. It's sparkling juice, all natural, no sweeteners. What's not to like? Well it tastes like exactly that -- 30% seltzer water with 70% juice. And it's good! In the can, though, it tastes a little bit -- my wife called it "metallic" -- so I poured in a cup, but she said it didn't really help. I think it's just missing the extra sweeteners -- either aspartame or HFCS -- that we all have gotten SO used to. She gave it 3 stars. The college boy also gave it 3 stars, without elaboration. I expected that 8.4 ounce cans would be more of a "why bother" size, but they are a surprisingly good serving size for this kind of thing. On the other hand, the "vitamin fortified" is 10% of C, B6, and Niacin. That really is more of a "why bother". Personally, before those store brand "cherry water" (that's what we call them) drinks came out, I used to mix OJ and tonic water all the time. I think Izze tastes a lot like that. I like it, but I do think the clementine flavor (which I tried) is just a touch on the bitter side -- maybe that's what my wife called "metallic". I would give it 4.5 stars. Since they were at 3, I'll round down to 4 stars.</p>

<p>My family loves a little sugar and bubbly now and then and this is just the ticket. The serving size is just right b/c with the amount of sugar in one can I definitely don't want my children sucking down more than they really need! The orange flavoring isn't too sweet and it's actually really refreshing. I really like to add it as a mixer to Grey Goose Orange vodka now and then - it's my favorite summertime drink! Give it a try!</p>

<p>The Clementine flavor of Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice is refreshing and not overly sweet like a lot of the orange flavored sodas. It has a tangy flavor that is reminiscent of the Clementines I love, but the taste is not as strong as the straight fruit or juice from the fruit. One 8.4oz can is just the right size to quench your thirst. The fact that it is naturally sweetened without a lot of artificial ingredients makes it a good drink for those looking for a healthier alternative to sodas. It does, however, have a fairly high amount of sugar so it is not a good alternative for dieters. In addition, the juice's flavor comes from a blend of juices, and it would be wise to check the contents if you have reactions to some fruits or take medication that you need to be cautious about food interactions with.</p>

<p>This is a very good drink. Tasty and not syrupy I really enjoyed the flavor. I tried the Sparkling Clementine. It is funny when I tasted the drink I thought, yup, that tastes like a Clementine. Then I looked at the back for the ingredients. There are juices (from concentrate) from White Grape, Apple, Lemon and Orange Juice. No Clementine. Funny enough it really is a nice flavor. At just over 8 oz. a can this is not a drink to hydrate in quantity so much as a tasty pick me up. The drink does not have caffeine or added sugars so I don't feel bad about drinking it. It isn't overly sweet so it adds a bit of energy rather then making me tired. I do find it funny that we seem to be turning into a Red Bull world. When did little 8 oz. cans of beverages become so cool? I always thought more was good. With that being said 8.4 oz's is just right for this drink. A great drink, a good company and thumbs up in my book.</p>

<p>The Sparkling Clementine Flavor is my favorite of the three I tried with the Blackberry coming in close. They all have a similar mix of ingredients as the apple below. All have White Grape as the first ingredient listed and Lemon juice. The apple for my taste was only a 3 star drink, the above rating of 5 stars is for the Tangerine Flavor when these were all combined. An Average Apple Flavored Drink: This sparkling fruit juice has a slightly sweet-sour soda taste of fruit juice. It is like Lemon-Apple juice mixed with sparkling water and a touch of sugar. The first three ingredients listed White Grape, Apple and Lemon Juice that gives it its taste. I did not find this to have a refreshing apple taste. I do like that the cans are small, they contain only 8.4oz and 90 calorie sparkling the sparkling juice. But if I were to buy one it would not be the Sparkling Apple. Note: The three flavors combined would be a 4 star rating. Also I had a much longer review describing the Clementine, but when I saw the flavors split up into their own reviews I went to the apple and deleted the other flavors and save. It deleted the written review on all three drinks! So that is why this is now missing so much, I hope amazon can replace the original review.</p>

<p>I originally rated this product with only one star because I didn't like it at all when I drank it. However, I have come back to revise my review after sharing it with other members of my family. They absolutely loved it and were fighting not to drink all the cans at one sitting! After one adult and three children (aged 9-15) said it tasted very good, I decided it was just me who didn't like the taste. Unfortunately I can't seem to change the number of stars I gave it, but if I could, I would give it five because I was definitely over-ruled in my opinion of the flavor. Don't go by what I say; go by what my family says. :-)</p>

<p>Well, I tried it. I didn't like it, but I assumed it might be because of the fact that I've got strange tastes. So I gave cans to my wife and daughter and they didn't like it either. Different strokes for different folks, so your mileage may vary, but as for me and my family I'd say let the buyer beware.</p>

<p>I love all kinds of citrus soft drinks, from diet Mountain Dew to Lemonade to mixing OJ with diet sprite. Which is kinda the taste of the clementine Izze -- think OJ cut with a little sparkling soda. The Good: It ain't soda, with no corn 1-2-di-ethybol-whatever in the list of ingredients. The taste is still sweet. Lower calories than just juice. Healthful (small) serving size. Great to throw into a kids lunch bag. The Bad: The clementine does taste somewhat like processed canned concentrated OJ, and that is not a good thing for most adults. The taste falls short of (my self-declared gold standard) Orangina. I prefer tarter or fresher lemon/lime notes in a fizzy citrus drink, but your mileage may vary here. The Ugly: Are there really any clementine's in this drink? In order of amount used, the juices listed are white grape, then apple, then lemon, then orange. So it's a real mix, one that comes out quite bland tinned OJ tasting for all the variety. There are also other ingredients like gum arabic and sodium citrate. So five stars for kids, but for me I'll mix fresh OJ with diet sprite or some other sparkling water.</p>

<p>Izze Clementine gives you that sweet, delicious orange taste without all the high fructose corn syrup or added nasties in all the sodas you will find on the supermarket shelves. Being an addicted soda drinker my whole life looking for alternatives (I wish I always drank water but that's another story in itself) to have liquid with taste, I loved the idea of an all natural alternative. Izze only uses natural ingredients, mixes them up, carbonates it, and the result is a much cleaner, healthier, and tastier drink that is simply the bomb. I love all the flavors of Izze and Clementine is no exception. If you like orange soda or orange juice you HAVE to give this a try as it will definitely make you a believer that you can have a natural soda that is actually pretty good for you!! Drink up!! ***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED</p>

<p>IZZE is soooooo good! It's a delicious beverage, with subtle genuine fruit flavor, just enough natural sweetness, and moderate carbonation. Sipped from the can, or poured over ice, it's very refreshing, and not at all cloying. On the afternoon that my order of IZZE arrived from Amazon, a 16-year old family friend stopped by. I offered him a can, and he said, "I've had it before, and it's great!" I'd quite happily serve this at summer parties as an alternative to traditional sodas, wine, or even lemonade. Since it doesn't contain refined sugars, stimulants such as caffeine, or artificial sweeteners, it should appeal to my guests who are avoiding those ingredients. ETA: I've since tried the Sparkling Blackberry, and it is even more delicious, and a gorgeous rosy shade that looks beautiful in a glass of ice.</p>

<p>This is a wonderful alternative to soda pop. It's carbonated for those like me that just enjoy fizzy drinks way too much for their own good, yet it also contains 70 percent total juice. I'm not going to say it should be a substitute to drinking normal fruit juice, but if again you're like me, and both are almost addicted to fizzy drinks and can't stand the taste of any artificial sweetner to even try to gag down a "diet" soda, then this is very much the way to go. I also do suggest this flavor, most or all of the Izze line uses some of the flavor of juice listed on the can, but also some grape and/or apple juice as a "filler". They do the same here, but it tastes first like clementine or at least orange juice, and then a hint of the others come through. I've found with most other flavors of Izze it will taste more like the "filler" first, and then the flavor listed on the can or bottle. Price may seem high, but compared to what a 4 pack costs here it's actually not horrid considering. And if one has an amazon prime account, then shipping costs aren't a major issue.</p>



<p>The Clementine flavor of this soda offered by Izze is reminiscent of the orange soda I used to have as a kid, only healthier. It is refreshing and has a great citrus flavor. I like the smaller portion size, as this is more of a treat, and our portion sizes as Americans have gotten way out of control. I have been ordering this through the subscribe and save program with Amazon for a long time and will continue to do so. The cans always arrive damage free and I am very happy with the service through Amazon.</p>

<p>Izze is very light and refreshing. Nice replacement for pop, that my son thinks he has to have! Clementine and Black Berry are his favorites, but we also like Pomagranate. We have it set up on auto ship, so we don't run out!!</p>

<p>This and the pomegranate are the best flavors. It has light carbonation but it's packed with flavor. The only negative point is it being 90 calories. That may not sit well with some dieters.</p>
<p>Orange spritzer definitely takes me back to my childhood, going to the local expensive healthy food store ran by some pretty hip hipsters. Something about bubbly orange juice just makes me smile and fills my liver with nostalgia. I was fortunate to buy a 24 case of IZZE fortified sparkling juice for about $19, with an amazon coupon that took an additional 10% off after the S&S took 15% off. Couldn't walk away from that much saving. After receiving the heavy amazon box in the mail I decided to pop a can of Izze, and boy it takes me back. This is really a refreshing drink, this comes from a reformed soda junkie who now drinks seltzer water in his days of purity. The can is really small and compact, I can see moms throwing these into their kids' lunch or even calorie cutters sipping a can during break or with dinner. Everything about this drink is pretty amazing except for one thing, it's 8.4 oz. I like to take pretty big gulps when I drink so one can is consumed in about 3 gulps. Good for quenching thirst but to get through a savory meal I would need to drink about 2 of these, which isn't that bad. I feel it's just a hassle cracking open a can in the middle of dinner. All in all, definitely would be good for someone who wants to cut back from soda but maintain that fizz that Izze is. Also it's a good treat for people trying to lose weight or kids as an alternative to soda.</p>

<p>I really love Izze because it's healthier than other sodas. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't come in two liter size and it is expensive.</p>

<p>These sparkling juices strike the perfect compromise between soda and water. They are sweet enough to satisfy the kids, but not loaded with sugar and chemicals like soda. The 8.4 ounce cans are a great size for my middle school and high school children to bring for lunch.</p>

<p>We enjoy Izze's around our house. The adults love them and the kids love them as well. Here are some reasons I love Izze's — Non Caffeinated Carbonated beverage option — All natural ingredients with only fruit juice and sparkling water, no refined sugars, preservatives, or artificial flavors — Much better option than soda — Kids come to my house and ASK FOR Izze's OVER soda — Great for making mixed adult beverages... ;-) — When they go on sale on amazon.com they are a GREAT DEAL.</p>

<p>With summer in full swing I've been trying out new beverages just for the fun of it. This clementine flavored beverage is not overly sweet and is all natural. It has a refreshing citrus flavor and is the perfect size to take with you on a picnic. I'm looking forward to trying other flavors but I keep buying the clementine flavor time after time. ~The Rebecca Review</p>

<p>As an IZZE drinker for years I can tell you there is something special about these 8.4 ounce cans of Clementine IZZE. Each swallow is bursting with flavor. In fact, I like it so much more than when I buy it in a bottle at the store. For a real thrill, put a can in the freezer for 20 minutes, then pop open and enjoy Heaven in a can!</p>

<p>My wife and I love this. We gave up drinking Sodas, because of all the additives. Now, this is an all natural option. Could do with a little less sugar, but we are happy to find this alternative. Highly recommend this.</p>

<p>I buy IZZE when it's on sale on Amazon. It's 70% fruit juice and 30% water — that's it. No added ingredients that you can't pronounce, none of that corn syrup stuff that everyone is scared about and no added sugar. It's a great healthy alternative to sodas. This clementine flavor is very good. It has a nice orange taste and is very refreshing.</p>

<p>The Clementine flavor tastes just like the fruit. So many think it should taste like an Orange... but it's not. I have a Clementine tree in my back yard.</p>

<p>I purchase these for my sons' lunches. Fortified with vitamins, compact and lacks fructose corn syrup. Great alternative to soda.</p>

<p>I wasn't sure what to expect when I first tried the Izze Sparkling drink, but I was pleasantly surprised. The drink is carbonated, but the carbonation is just right, not too strong or too weak. Although the 8.4 oz drink has 90 calories and 21g of sugar, it does contain 70% fruit juice which can be pretty sweet. This is a refreshing drink, and a nice size if you want something less than a regular 12 oz can. There is very little after taste, if any at all, and the beverage provides a refreshing light feeling clem juice inspired experience. Also, Izze drinks are best served cold!</p>

<p>I should have noticed the size of the cans when I was ordering, but I was assuming they were at least 12 oz. So I was surprised by the small amount you get in each can. I should have been more careful. Other than my carelessness, I'm happy with this product. But I wish I could find this in a larger per unit size.</p>

<p>Orange IZZE is quite good. It is much less sweet than regular carbonated orange drinks, but very, very refreshing. I am a dedicated daily water drinker, but an occasional Orange IZZE is very satisfying and I feel good after drinking it because there is no added sugar. I recommend it. I will continue to buy it from Amazon.</p>

<p>IZZE has seemed to find the balance between healthy fruit taste and the sensation of carbonated soft drinks with their sparkling juice line. I haven't had a soft drink in over a year since discovering these wonderfully refreshing, healthy alternatives to carbonated soft drinks. Since it's pure fruit juice, it's also naturally sweet (but not too sweet) so it also satisfies that "sweet tooth" as well. Although not a substitute for plain ol' H2O, this beverage definitely satisfies and quenches my thirst. Can't get enough of these beverages.......</p>

<p>The first time I tasted Izze was at a local restaurant who offered a tasting menu of 9 courses. There was an option to pair each course with wine, but I'm not a big wine drinker, so I declined. To my surprise, our server offered a "soda pairing" with dinner, and several of the drinks we were served were Izze. They were great! We were served Apple Izze to start off with our appetizer and salad, followed by several other types of sodas — primarily DRY soda and Gus soda. The other Izze I got to try there was the Pomegranate with our steak course. After tasting them at the restaurant, I sought out more flavors to try and was pleasantly surprised with all of them. My favorite by far is this Clementine one. Not too sweet, not too tart — tastes really refreshing. I know everyone's tastes are different, but just in case anyone needs some suggestions on which flavors to try, I would have to rank them in this order: Clementine, Apple, Grapefruit, Blackberry, Pomegranate, Blueberry.</p>

<p>Dear Amazonians, I first was introduced to Izze during a fundraiser for HIV/AIDS research in New York City. I loved it! The drink was so new at the time, that I was unable to find it at my local stores. After some time, Starbucks started carrying this, and I bought it quite often. After yet some more time, I noticed that Amazon.com was carrying it. YAY! Now I can use subscribe & save, and buy lots of Izze, a healthful and tasty drink that I enjoy very much. There is no added sugar or artificial preservatives here, only filtered sparkling water and 100% fruit juice. A fantastic find. I hope you enjoy this as much as I do! --Daniel</p>
<p>My family really enjoys these HFCS, Sugar FREE sodas. Clemintine is the favorite flavor for 3 of us; my college bound daughter likes Grapefruit the best.</p>

<p>This product is great but I can only usually find it in bottles. The cans purchased through Amazon are perfect for the beach or pool. I lucked out with a free shipping offer. Without free shipping, however, it could be too pricey.</p>

<p>Please note that this review is for the Clementine Flavor. I really like orange sodas, so when I had the chance to try the Izzy Sparkling Juice with Clementine flavor I did not hesitate. Sadly, even though the product is flavored by natural juice, it reminded me of Redoxon when I drank it. I could not get out of my mind the feeling that it was powder mixed with water. The flavor was not bad, and the level of gasification was adequate, but I did expect a much better experience from this "high end" soda-type product. Maybe this just happens with this flavor, so I will probably try the pomegranate version in the near future to confirm or revert my opinion.</p>

<p>I remember those refreshing Mimosa's I used to have during Sunday brunches in cafes on the upper west side of Manhattan. The IZZE Sparkling Clementine flavor drink reminds me of those Mimosas, but without the accompanying lightheadedness of the champagne. Sparking water substitutes for the alcohol in this drink, and it is truly a satisfying and thirst quenching beverage on a hot summer afternoon or any time of the year, for that matter. The IZZE Sparkling Clementine flavor is a combination of orange, white grape, apple and lemon juices combined with seltzer. If you have never tasted a Mimosa, the sparkling water might fool you into thinking that you are drinking some brand of soft drink, but this is an all natural beverage with only 20g of carbs, and is fortified with Vitamin C and two B vitamins. Close your eyes, and take a sip. You will, indeed, believe you are drinking some high priced Mimosa at an expensive cafe. When you open them again, the realization will come to you that you have, instead, enjoyed a healthy, refreshing juice drink that actually comes from a can. Savor it!</p>

<p>Not too long ago in a company lunch, several of us were comparing a "fruit" drink being consumed by a health-conscious colleague and the Coke that the rest of us were drinking. The "fruit" drink had almost no juice, had more calories, had more toxic preservatives, and had more tri-glycerides in the form of corn syrup. Coke was actually healthier! So I received this product with some trepidation and was pleasantly surprised. Not only was it what it claimed to be (a carbonated fruit beverage with some vitamins but no sweeteners or corn syrup), it actually tasted good. The carbonation was not too heavy, there was no caffeine or pseudo-caffeine (guarana, ma huang and the like), it wasn't too sweet and was light and refreshing. I opened up the case I got and the staff enjoyed it immensely. An overall excellent product. I haven't tried the other flavors. The only down-side would be that the "Clementine" flavor came from mixed citrus juices other than clementines.</p>

<p>This is a good drink. It is not heavily carbonated so you don't get a strong aftertaste. While it only has 90 calories, I wouldn't call it a healthy drink per se primarily because of the 10% vitamin content. It is neither an energy drink and is not comparable to Monster or Red Bull. It is a good alternative to soda and stands on its own in that merit.</p>

<p>This is a weird item for me to review, because I didn't like it at all, but my husband liked it a lot. If you want to know what this juice tastes like, put equal parts club soda and orange juice in a glass, stir, and drink. If you like that, you'll like this. If you don't, you won't.</p>

<p>Disappointingly, this fortified drink is sickeningly sweet and tastes about as natural as any other neon orange soda on the market. That said, it's not gross, just disappointing. The "unfortified" Izze sodas are much, much better — even delicious. They taste light and refreshing, as it were, not syrupy sweet and artificial.</p>

<p>Okay, I didn't know what I was getting into when I picked Izze soda to review. My whole family has gone crazy for it. My first grader will pretty much do anything for a can, even clean his room or do the dishes. Which is great because it is a pretty much guilt-free product, since it is just natural fruit juice with sparkling water. After apple juice was implicated in some childhood obesity, my wife has always limited our children's juice intake and waters it down with about 50% water. Izzes come pre-watered down with the sparkling water without loss of flavor. Also, the cans are 8 ounce servings which are more friendly serving sizes than sodas. It is great having a treat that you can feel good about. Initially we got Clementine and it was an immediate hit. All the flavors taste more like the actual fruits than their juices. Clementine has an aftertaste that tastes more like eating a fresh orange than it does drinking orange juice. We quickly picked up Blackberry and Apple. The apple especially tastes like the fruit. It really tastes more like biting into an apple rather than the syrupy heavy flavor of apple juice. They just taste crisp. Now we have gone through several cases of the stuff and I foresee an Izze summer. You should see our six-year-old son go around to house guests taking their Izze orders then carefully bringing in a tray full of iced Izzes for everyone. He loves to share his newly discovered joy with everyone. It's been a great discovery and my family is hooked.</p>

<p>For some reason there are two kinds of each Izze flavor — regular and fortified. Why they did this makes no sense to me. This is the fortified version which means it has small amounts of a handful of vitamins. Izze Clementine is thankfully less sweet than most other orange sodas. (That doesn't mean it has less sugar, however.) Compared to Fanta and Sunkist it tastes lighter and fresher. I'd compare it somewhat to Orangina in terms of flavor — but not consistency as Orangina has pulp in it. Overall, I'd say Izze Clementine is one of the best orange sodas I've tasted. At the other extreme you can still find orange creme style sodas on the market which are also great, but those are definitely sweeter and might not quench your thirst. I call the Izze approach a bit gimmicky because the 8 oz cans are a bit ridiculous and I don't know what gives on the fortified vitamins combined with a soda that says it's from "real juice." Real juice has vitamin C in it — but they had to add it because, apparently, there's somehow no C in the juice they're using. So I take the whole "real juice" thing with a grain of salt. Sort of like the juice companies who say "no sugar added" when all they've done is fudged the terms by using sugar from grape juice instead of corn or cane sugar. Still, it's a good tasting soda — just don't think of it as health food. And you will likely find the serving size inconvenient. Besides here you can find Fortified Izze at Target.</p>
<p>The Clementine (orange) flavor of Izze is my favorite among the three I have tried, the other two being apple and grapefruit. This is a very crisp, refreshing beverage that has just the right balance of fruit to carbonation, and a slight tartness that keeps it from being cloying or flabby. Some reviewers have commented and even complained about this sparkling juice having only the barest amount of carbonation. Not so with the ones I have tried, so perhaps these other reviewers left the top open and allowed it to go flat or something. Believe me, this had lively carbonation, and a good, natural tasting tart orange flavor. The size of the can is convenient, too — takes up hardly any space in the fridge or in the lunch sack. As part of the "Vine" program, I received and tasted three different flavors but Amazon will not allow me to publish a separate review of each flavor. So I am combining them all into one. Apple flavor: like biting into a crisp, green apple and savoring the peel and the fruit/meat at the same time. It has nice, clean and refreshing flavors with an excellent balance of carbonation. Normally I am not a fan of apple juice or sparkling cider but this one I liked. It is not cloying or flabby-tasting as I find most apple beverages to be, probably because this is green and not red apple-flavored. Grapefruit flavor: this was my least favorite of the bunch, but if you prefer a very tart flavor, this fits the bill nicely. Again, a good balance of carbonation, crisp, and refreshing, this had good pink grapefruit taste but I also detected a plastic-tasting element. The aftertaste was pure grapefruit so I don't know where that plastic came from or where it went, but it did mar an otherwise nice drinking experience. Overall I rate these Izze beverages very high. They taste good, they are refreshing, and come in convenient-sized cans that easily fit in the fridge or a lunch sack or backpack. Good products!</p>

<p>In a "Supersize Me" world Izze should be applauded for bucking the trend and marketing an 8 oz. drink product, which is a much more sensible size than the quart size or larger products crowding the shelves. I gave a can of this drink to a friend of mine who commented that they enjoyed the sparkling water mixed with the juice. On the other hand, I prefer a sweeter orange juice. This, to me, had a dull taste that reminded me of eating a frost burned orange. I thought the grapefruit juice was very tasty. It is on the sweet side and reminded me most of Ruby Red grapefruit. I think if I was at home mixing this juice from concentrate instead of buying the concentrate premixed in a can, I would use less water.</p>

<p>My wife and I have been very pleased with both the clementine and pomegranate flavors of the Izze sparkling soda. The drinks are refreshing, but with a natural flavor — unlike many of the sports drinks. Other tidbits of information — Each can has 80 calories, which is very similar to a can of soda of the same size. While the "clementine" and the "pomegranate" flavors only contain real fruit juice, it may not be the juices you have in mind. Both are sweetened by a combination of grape and apple juices. The grape and pomegranate juice comes a little further down on the list. While each drink contains vitamins, I wouldn't count on them as being a significant source of anything. Final score — we really enjoy the taste and serving size. In fact, Izze makes a great ice cold drink for a warm summer day!</p>

<p>This clementine flavored beverage has a decent taste. Not too sweet, about what I would expect for clementine flavor despite the lack of actual clementine juice.</p>
<p>Initially was surprised by the slightly tart taste but quickly adjusted. I guess I was expecting it to be sweeter. The clementine flavor is strong. The fact that it does not contain high fructose corn syrup is a wonderful bonus. The cost per can is about one dollar for 8.4 ounces which may not fit into many peoples budget; but, for a healthy alternative to soda it is worth considering. A wonderful guilt free drink. Recommend serving chilled.</p>

<p>I tried the Clementine flavor, which is white grapefruit and comes in an orange can. The drink tasted a lot like orange juice at first, but had the aftertaste of grapefruit, which was not very enjoyable. I liked the natural ingredients, but could never finish an entire can of this stuff just because it was too sweet and just didn't taste very good. Also, Amazon shipped a case of this in a big box, with only about 4 of those little plastic bubbles for padding. Several of the drinks had exploded and the whole thing was a sticky mess. I didn't factor that into my rating for the product however.</p>

<p>Received a full case of Izze Clementine for review. Very generous, Izze! When I reviewed the Gatorade Protein Shakes they broke up the original 6-packs to send reviewers individual cans . . . but I digress. This was a good product. Not overly sweet, and only lightly carbonated, with no added sweetener and 70% mixed juices from concentrate. The vitamin fortification is negligible at a mere 10%. Was concerned at first about the addition of "glycerol ester of rosin" but after some quick research discovered that this necessary ingredient is a healthful alternative to the carcinogenic brominated oil used in inferior products (like Gatorade, Mountain Dew, and generic fruit sodas). The Clementine beverage had a pleasant flavour with no aftertaste or coating. Comes in an 8 oz size, which is perfect for a quick refreshment without the worry of spillage or waste. The can is better than a bottle for packing in lunches — especially for backpacking, or if you're giving it to kids. This was a good quality product, and I recommend it.</p>

<p>My husband, who is not too fond of orange soda in general, tried the Clementine soda with me. I liked it right away, but he had to drink almost a whole can before he said it started to grow on him. He put a little soy milk in it and said that tasted really good, like an Orange Julius. I was glad to see so many natural ingredients — no artificial colours or flavours — although I can't seem to find out exactly what the "ester of rosin" is. That concerns me a tad. I was also glad to find that "sugar-free" did NOT mean that it had aspartame or saccharin in it. I did find it very comparable to Hansen's sodas, which I also really enjoy. I sampled some of the Izze chilled as well as at room temperature. It is good both ways, but has MUCH less of the acidic, generic orange soda taste when at room temperature. We did find it had a very strong grapefruity flavour, which we think might come from the white grape juice that heads the list of fruit juices (orange is the fourth!). I enjoyed it and would recommend people to try it, although I'm not really planning to make a habit of buying it all the time either.</p>
<p>First there were two cases of IZZE: one each of Apple and Pomegranate. I quickly cleaned out half of my refrigerator to make room for the 48 cans of IZZE. Then a case of IZZE Clementine arrived. Finally, I received the sought-after Blackberry. The IZZEs were multiplying out of control. The two new ones took up the rest of my refrigerator. There was no room for anything but IZZE. At my house, it has become all IZZE all the time. To the credit of IZZE, the ingredients of all their products are posted on the IZZE web site. The IZZEs have all natural ingredients, although the labeling indicates that the citrus varieties, e.g. Clementine and Grapefruit, contain Gum Arabic and Ester Gum. According to sources on the web, Gum Arabic is a purified natural vegetable gum obtained from the acacia tree that is used as a stabilizer/emulsifier. Ester Gum is purified natural rosin from pine trees. I suppose trees are natural. An interesting fact about the IZZEs is that for every type of IZZE, the fruit named on the front of the can does not correspond to the first-listed ingredient. Here is the IZZE code decoded: for Apple the main ingredient is White Grape, for Pomegranate it is Apple, for Clementine it is White Grape, for Grapefruit it is White Grape and for Blackberry it is White Grape. There is no caffeine in IZZE. The IZZE web site says that IZZE employees ride bikes to the local coffee shop. So you cannot live on IZZE alone! All of the IZZEs are fortified with vitamins, e.g., Vitamin B6, C, and Niacin. I am sure that the IZZE people anticipated the need for vitamins for people surviving on a diet consisting of IZZE and coffee. All of the IZZE flavors have their own character. Some are weaker, others stronger. In order of weak to strong for the four that I tried, I would arrange them as Apple, Clementine, Blackberry, and Pomegranate. I prefer the more subtle flavors of Apple and Clementine. However, when I brought an assortment to a gathering of friends, all of the Pomegranate cans disappeared while the Apples remained untouched. It is a matter of personal taste. People who are used to soda, which includes most people, prefer the stronger Blackberry and Pomegranate. Juice people may like Apple or Clementine better. I give the Clementine 5 stars, the others 4 stars. All of the flavors are good. Which one you prefer is up to you.</p>

<p>Pros: Attractive, colorful, retro-style packaging. Not too sweet. No high fructose corn syrup, and natural ingredients. Cons: Small portions. Use of primarily "cheaper" juice concentrates. Carbonation unnecessary, and too mild. I wasn't particularly crazy about the clementine flavor of Izze juice. There is certainly a large health craze for "fortified" natural juices these days, and Izze is another entry. However, in my opinion, it's not a strong contender. The packaging is attractive, and I like the tasteful use of bright colors and retro designs. The can is on the slim size, with just 8.4 oz per serving. That's much smaller than Arizona or even Coke, and that would be fine if the juice itself were fantastic, but it's not. For the price, it seems a little small. As to taste, there is mild carbonation, which is so mild, they shouldn't have bothered adding it in the first place. As for the clementine flavor, it tasted like a very watered down orange juice, or Orangina. I know why — I checked the ingredients, there's not much orange juice in there. It's mainly cheaper juice concentrates, such as apple or grape juice. Same goes for the pomegranate flavor — mainly cranberry and grape juice. I did appreciate that they used natural juice concentrates, and did not use any high fructose corn syrup, but the use of other blends of juice really destroyed the taste for me. In conclusion — I wouldn't buy this product. It's at least $1 for an 8 oz can (that's $1 for one cup), and I'd rather just drink a cup of orange juice for cheaper, naturally fortified with many more vitamins and minerals.</p>
<p>With Summer right around the corner, I am looking forward to sitting outside, relaxing, and sipping some orange crush soda. Being someone who is health conscious, I only drink soda on rare occasions, because of the sugar. I also limit my soda consumption because of the caffeine, which sometimes triggers small migraine headaches. Izze is a great alternative, as it contains no refined sugars or caffeine. Also, unlike typical soft drinks, Izze actually contains a few vitamins (10 percent DV of Vitamin C, B6, Niacin in a 8.4 oz can). Yes, IZZE sparkling clementine does taste different than the average orange soda's with caffeine and sugar. I like the taste, but I have to admit that you have to let it grow on you. I had to drink a few, before I really began to like the taste. Izze does lack the sweetness of soda, but I actually find it more refreshing. One thing I didn't like was that IZZE sparkling clementine doesn't contain any clementine (a little strange for a product that promotes itself as natural and holy). Contains white grape, apple, lemon and orange juice.</p>

<p>This is a very refreshing and flavorful fruit beverage, healthier than soda or even most other fruit drinks: no high fructose corn syrup, not even any refined sugars. It's basically just fruit juice (70%) and sparkling water, with a few additives, and it contains vitamins C, B6 and niacin. The slim can design makes it easy to carry or pack in lunches. As for the flavor, it's not overly sweet — a bit tart, actually, although I couldn't tell if it contained actual clementine orange juice (it does have grape, apple, lemon and orange concentrates, so those combined must give it the "clementine" flavor). It reminds me of two very good orange soft drinks I've had in Europe, Tango and Orangina, and it compares favorably with both. I'm eager now to try their other flavors.</p>

<p>Up until now, I have never tried any of Izze's all natural sparkling juice products. I recently decided to try one of the sparkling juices, namely the clementine flavor. According to Izze, there is no caffeine, no preservatives, and contains 70% pure fruit juice with a hint of sparkling water and fortified with vitamins. There definitely is a clementine flavor to the water. It is a bit tart. Unfortunately the clementine flavor isn't authentic. The first thing I saw on the back of the can is that the juice was made from white grape, apple, lemon, and orange. So really the title of the flavored water is a bit misleading. As for the vitamins, according to the ingredients, there is only 10% of vitamin C and vitamin B6. 10% isn't something to crow about but I guess in the world of bottled water, I suppose it is. All in all, Izze Sparkling Clementine is a nice, refreshing alternative to soda.</p>

<p>I'm not a big fan of designer water or the trick caffeine drinks (ala Red Bull). I think they're a waste of money. I really like this IZZE clementine drink. It's a combination of juice and sparking water that really has a refreshing taste. The clementine taste isn't sickeningly sweet, but it's also not faint as with those flavored waters. It has a small to moderate amount of sugar in it, but since its base is real juice (grape and clementine), it's not a bad thing. It doesn't taste like a soda, but it also doesn't taste like a "water". It's unique. I really like it. It's 8.4 ozs, which means it truly is a single serving as opposed to the 12 oz cans of sodas we're used to. It's a cute can that seems designed to hold the juice securely, but seems to somehow do so using a bit less aluminum than a typical can (when empty, it feels lighter...?). Anyway, I like this drink. I will be purchasing it as it comes available. I only hope that its price isn't a high designer one.</p>

<p>I really enjoyed this Clementine flavor of Izze All Natural Sparkling Juice. It is nice to drink something that is sweetened natural. I really enjoy this drink. It is so healthy and good for you. My husband and I like them but when I gave them to my grandchildren to try they didn't care for it. I'm eager to try another flavor.</p>

<p>Sweet (maybe a tad too sweet), with a pleasant citrusy flavor, this beverage would be great to serve at kid's parties or at a barbecue instead of regular soda — the ingredient list is certainly less scary and after all a sparkling water-and-fruit juice drink is obviously better than one loaded with refined sugar (or even worse, artificial sweeteners), caffeine and chemical additives. While this isn't a healthy drink, it would be a great improvement for a regular soda drinker to switch to this instead — the improvement may not show in calories but it will show in general health: the lack of caffeine and lower sugar content will avoid calcium loss so common in regular soda drinkers, and your liver will appreciate the lack of highly processed chemical additives. I'm not a soda drinker but I will keep this in the fridge to offer to guests or serve to my next barbecue party.</p>

<p>It's 70% juice. The clementine flavor includes white grape, apple, lemon and orange juice concentrates. No clementine. I like it even though I hate white grape and apple juice. The mixture comes out tasting like orange soda but not quite as sweet. My nephew liked it even though he usually likes to sweeten his drinks to the consistency of "syrup." Each can is 8.4 oz instead of the larger serving sizes that one is used to getting. There are 80 calories in a can. I can see how parents would prefer to serve these to their kids rather than regular sodas. It has no caffeine, preservatives, or refined sugars, and it's fortified with vitamins. I'd recommend trying a can to see if you like the taste before committing to purchasing a case.</p>

<p>Izze's Clementine sparkling juice beverage is just right! It's the right size at 8.4 ounces. It's the right sweetness — a nice tart drink that doesn't make you feel like you've just drank a can of syrup on a hot summer day. The carbonation is just right, not too much. Above all, it's a great thirst quencher! You might think that a half-pint wouldn't be enough to satisfy your thirst, but it does — and without filling you up like soda pop can do. The only reason I didn't give this drink 5 stars is because it does have a lot of sugar in it. This helps boost your energy, but it isn't good for those watching their weight. A "diet" version would easily garner the full five stars.</p>

<p>Izze All Natural Sparkling Clementine juice would be a wonderful refreshment on a hot day. This product is quite tart and much less sweet than a juice-type energy drink, which is much better in my book. It has just a touch of carbonation and comes in a nicely sized can. I was somewhat disappointed, however, that the "natural juices" mentioned were white grape, apple, and orange... no clementine juice, just "natural flavor." Oh well. Nonetheless I would be interested to try the other flavors in this line.</p>

<p>Want a carbonated soft drink, but not the phosphoric acid, high-fructose corn syrup, and artificial caramel coloring? Sometimes I do, and this nice little drink gave me just what I was looking for. It tastes a bit like Orangina, but with more fizz and no pulp. It's comprised mostly of juices and sparkling water. It's been "fortified" with a number of vitamins. Certainly it's a healthier alternative to most popular soft drinks. It comes in an 8 oz can which will actually fit in your pocket. I find the size perfect. Don't confuse this with a diet drink, however, as fruit juice is still high in carbohydrate. It doesn't contain refined sugar though, so it's probably better than drinking a Coke. My wife and I liked it so much, we went through a case in about a week and a half.</p>
